---
layout: post
current: post
cover:  assets/images/welcome.jpg
navigation: True
title: First Post - GymLabRat
date: 2018-11-12 10:57:00
tags: [Getting started]
class: post-template
subclass: 'post tag-getting-started'
author: Jeff
---

So here's my first post on GymLabRat using Github Pages.  Trying to find a super cheap way to have a blog and posts my reviews without having to pay heaps of money for hosting and whatnot.

This site is very long overdue, but now I think I can **finally** match up blog posts with my YouTube videos.  

### There are a few things that you should know up-front:
1. Ghost is designed for ambitious, professional publishers who want to actively build a business around their content. That's who it works best for. If you're using Ghost for some other purpose, that's fine too - but it might not be the best choice for you.
2. The entire platform can be modified and customized to suit your needs, which is very powerful, but doing so **does** require some knowledge of code. Ghost is not necessarily a good platform for beginners or people who just want a simple personal blog.
3. For the best experience we recommend downloading the Ghost Desktop App for your computer, which is the best way to access your Ghost site on a desktop device.


Ghost is made by an independent non-profit organisation called the Ghost Foundation. We are 100% self funded by revenue from our [Ghost(Pro)](https://ghost.org/pricing) service, and every penny we make is re-invested into funding further development of free, open source technology for modern journalism.

The main thing you'll want to read about next is probably: [the Ghost editor](https://demo.ghost.io/the-editor/).

Once you're done reading, you can simply delete the default **Ghost** user from your team to remove all of these introductory posts!
